How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It helps pinpoint to the parts that are different thus preventing from scanning the entire document, since it is not needed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Well, you can move quickly and iterate very fast on your code and thus try and test a larger amount of features, since
anytime you are not happy with it, you can easily "go back" to the last state of the program where things were working
properly.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The obvious pro is that you construct the commits based on what seems to you logical and it also the big con since
for others reading your commits it may seem you have used too big or too small commits. I guess it improves with
experience.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think because Git was designed for developers and serious projects have multiple interdependent files, and
thus it is very logical to want to track multiple files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log gives an history of all the committs and diff gives the detailed changes of two commits so I can 
use them both to isolate the commits that interest me in the history (with log) and examine the detailed
changes (with diff)

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Since we can "recreate" any past state discretized by commits we can't break anything because we can 
always come back to the last commit that worked for us.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

exploring repositories and try to temper with base code of interesting projects